Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go.
Good morning everyone. Today is
Wednesday, February the 11th, and this
is the Moneyball Morning Report. We are
looking at charts by trendpider and
gamma flows by menth menthq. I started
with a spy today because what we have is
a very interesting shift in the gamma.
So, interestingly, I don't want to go
through all the gobbledygook here, but
interestingly, we have um downflows.
That's a very small number, but it is
shifting negative here on the 22nd.
There's really very little positioning
that's negative
all the way down until May and then it's
still largely positive in general. So,
here is the story board. Yesterday the
gamma flows shifted negative. The delta
flows shifted negative by half as much
meaning those options were further out
of the money. Right? So the flows
underneath are shifting negative today.
That's the bottom line. Okay. Let's take
a look at SPY because we are starting
with those gown flows and we can see
that from yesterday we still have this
downward drift. Now, don't don't take
what's going on underneath in those
gamma flows as absolute writ of law.
They are not um they're just how people
are generally positioning. This could
easily break and we move right back up
into the top because the overall flows
are largely positive. Do we have upward
trend? Yes,
we do have upward trend in general. The
trend is upward. Where are we? We're
sitting between value area high 696 and
value area low 681. Inside of that value
area is 685.
That is the pot wall.
Call wall is still 700. What do we
expect today?
Flow is being a little bit sideways.
Take a look at where inventory had been
accumulating.
right here in this box.
And so we've fallen out of it into the
flow of this inventory box.
So my suspicion is the loss of 692 again
will give us the dips into these lower
edges
which gives us 688 as the next support
zone. The anchored VWAP of 3 days ago is
687.
Targets are a little bit tough today. Uh
I don't know what's going on in the I
don't know what we have to be released
in the news. I know we got a partial
shutdown.
No clue what's going to go on with
there. Um, this is generally sort of
bullish flow after a fade, but we could
go all the way to value area low if we
are just grinding around here, which we
could. We could simply just grind to and
fro from one inventory box to another.
We can see them sitting right up there.
Okay, so that's the suspicion event. And
indeed, if they sit in between here,
they're going to build another box of
inventory. So inside the value area,
high low,
we're under the VWAP and momentum is
essentially flat. So we're just grinding
our gears up here. I would say
rangebased formation.
This looks like a day to, you know,
break out the knitting needles or just
not trade at all.
Not that I knit. I don't I don't know
why I say that. I don't meant. Okay, so
let's take a look at the ES. We had a
lot of setups, but only one trigger
yesterday, and it was into the close.
Now, notice this very interesting thing.
Let's
um
let's let's take a look at just price
action.
We are inside value area high low.
We're dancing around the VWAP. So this
is very sideways. There's a big box of
accumulation demand beneath right at the
base of value area low. That's 6922.
Valu area high 7,000. That's pretty
interesting. The call wall is up at
7,50. The zerodt wall is 6,925.
And the broad put wall is still 6,600.
What's trend?
Depends where you're looking, right?
Near-term down.
We've got the same wedge building
in this framework. Got some kind of
wedge building and
overall trend is
generally upward.
Could we move from one inventory pocket
to another? Yes, we easily could.
Inventory is kind of weird to look at
here because there's no the structure is
not clean. But that's the base starting
at 69.48. What can we see the traders
doing? Well, they are trying to buy
these dips up, but the problem is they
can't get higher. Supply keeps walking
down. And so this drift, they've got to
break through if they want um bigger
prices.
Maybe they've given up on the 7,000.
But here here's the thing. If we spend a
lot of energy trying to break through
and instead we break down. Look at how
much flow here. That's a lot of energy
trying to hold this. And now we've got a
break.
My suspicion is downside. Even though
flow underneath
has got a lot more call flow than put
flow, this looks like it's got downward
drift. And so until it breaks above 6972
and stays there, I'm not going to
consider this a bullish formation. I'm
just going to say that it's generally
grinding to the upside. Above this 6972,
bullish action. Below it,
I think the bounces are sells.
With the base at 6921, I don't know if
there's anything dramatic. It's
something weird. El Paso airport got
shut down for 10 days. I don't know.
Somebody let a virus out. I I I don't
have any idea.
So, there's all kinds of weird stuff
floating around the internet now. Who
Who believes anything anymore? All I can
believe is that I'm staring at my own
face. And then some days, not even that.
So, that's what we're staring down for
the e mini.
Very cluttered. This is going to be a
day to keep my hands largely off of the
keys for the futures market or work in
my options accounts probably. All right,
so we had a trigger same breakthrough at
the end of the day
fades
comes into the opening day. We've broken
we've broken break we've broken above
and below the 30 minute candle and
that's because the pressure of it is
very very tight. Now, we know Wednesdays
is particularly interesting for us to
look at the midnight candle in the cues.
So, let's take a look at these NQ
midnight candles
still holding in inventory, but the
midnight candle is
right here. So if we use a 1 hour
formation,
we have this box. So
70% of the time comes back to kiss that
box
during the trading day. We'll we'll see.
Doesn't look like there's a shot for
that, but
we'll see.
Same sort of formation trend down in
between value area high value area low.
25,450
value area high. 25,030
value area low, 25,000 is the football.
That's moved up 500
points.
The put was at 24,500.
So big move up in the pull wall for the
Q's. I find that to be very interesting.
Overall, the market is stabilizing
because they're moving out of that that
primary seven and now we've got about 20
of them that are holding the majority of
the markets up. I I suspect that's one
of the reasons that the YM is holding
the way that it is.
So, you know, could I draw a trend line
here? I could, but I don't like anything
there. This is not a this is not useful
at all.
What's the story board? Well, I think we
have to use this midnight candle as our
line in the sand. Let's use the base of
it. That's going to give us 25,29450.
So, that's going to be the alert. That's
our above below as it were.
Above it, buyers take hold. Below it,
sellers stay steady. The VWAP is below
us, 25,150.
The point of control is above us,
25,375.
That would be the first target on the
updraft
if it breaches the midnight candlestick.
Lots of supply below, excuse me, lots of
demand below, lots of supply above. Call
Wall 25,400.
Yeah, quick peek at the YM.
Oops.
Holding a lot steadier. Sitting in the
pocket. Very tight compression here.
This could easily break out.
See this super tight compression? No, no
big selling. Starting to drift down. I
still think this looks like a dip buying
formation.
Ideally, the point of control event,
which is 50,100,
would make a very nice
alert space to go long in the YM. I
think that's a a pretty nice space. That
feels like the above below 50,200
above below. That means buyers will tend
to be more aggressive above, sellers
more more aggressive below. Edges 4,000
50,500
and 49,900.
All right, let's take a look at Micro
Bitcoin.
All right, as I mentioned,
the holding pattern here at 70,000 is
pretty critical for this chart. And
wouldn't you know it, they broke it. So,
after all of that work, look at all of
this work being done here, they lost the
line. So, what's the first thing traders
are going to try and do is
retake this base. Who knows if they'll
be able to, but that's what they're
going to try and do. Top of the value
area high 71,170.
The VWAP, we're under the VWAP for the
framework, 68,975.
Value area low 67,900.
There's a strong gamma line at 6600,
but
or above below today
appears to be the 68,400
number. Above it, it holds steady. Below
it,
we've got sellers. Now, what are we
staring down here? We've got an anchored
VWAP from several days past at 66,000.
They're trying to hold that zone,
but we are under the VWAP,
under the point of control,
under the value area low, all of that's
very bearish. So, the reflexive bounces
into 68 probably going to bring sellers
in. Just my thought.
Gravity suggests we are headed back to
64.
Oil
oil continues to rise but not not a
surprise for me. As you know this is
very bullish chart
because of geopolitical unrest
and an unwinding of the backwardation.
They are continually unwinding that
backwardation and it is turning into
contango. Are we above the call wall?
Yes, above 65. I don't know what the
gamma flow whether it's positive or
negative gamma in here. Um, but what we
do have is
inventory accumulation
for almost two days.
Almost two days and a breakout. So, what
is this gigantic wick up this
candlestick up here? That's people
saying, "Hey, I'm selling the top right
here. I'm selling 65." And then kaboom.
So that's a stop run. The next flow,
lots of supply up here. So chances are
it's going to come back
statistically speaking. Value area high
$64.50.
Value area low all the way down at
$63.25.
that value area high is very likely the
the region that they're going to battle
between the buyers and the sellers.
Staying above that zone is going to be
critical mass, but this is a stop run.
We just had so many opportunities here
and the move out is
sharp and and steady. So, very likely a
stop run. Let's see what the measured
move is.
That's $66 for the next space. There's a
gamma line up here at 67. That is
probably Gex one. So, very interesting.
And this will be about to hit the pump.
That is not going to make people happy,
but it is what it is. Upward flow dips
or buys, folks. And they're going to be
buys for a while. I mean, a while.
Very big flows, upside pressure. Next
line in the sand, 66. A pullback to 6460
collides with the VWAP more than likely.
And that gives us another opportunity to
hit the buy.
Uh do we want to look at silver? Yeah,
why not?
[clears throat] Very very choppy.
Liquidity is a problem again. Hey,
overnight
China raised its margins for gold. Uh,
they probably did it for silver, too.
They just didn't note that. But this is
not good price action. I am not going to
analyze that. Stay away from that,
folks. See these gaps? That means there
there's no print there. You get in, you
can be upside down five grand in a
second. Literally a second.
All right,
breakaway
brand new highs. Very interesting about
the margin being raised in China and
that not affecting the price action
here.
Very interesting.
Figured it would pull in a little bit,
but no.
That's why you let the charts tell you
where your when your analysis is right
or wrong. Let the charts do it. We We
can't figure it out without just let's
just stare down the charts. So very big
accumulation space. One, two, three days
on a breakout. Also largely a stop run
here.
Very big uh gamma wall at 5100.
Blew right through it. Value area high
5113.
Value area low 4978.
That's a pretty wide 30-minute
candlestick formation at the open.
Pretty aggressive.
Lots of supply sitting right in this
pocket
and price action is very bullish.
On the break,
the dip is going to be important.
Remember these, that's what happens with
these metals. They sharply break and
then they come back and retrace to a
higher low. So don't chase this one
long. Let it come to you. Where is the
above below as it were? Well, we're
sitting just outside value area high
value area low. Um
point of control is at 50.
It's it's at 5,51.
The VWAP is at 5,025.
God, what a mosh pit. Um,
yeah,
I would suspect that the zone, that's a
30 minute right there, but the zone of
real contention
is sitting
very likely between 5,084
and 535. See the pullback? You see it
all the time, folks. Rockets out of the
range,
traps all the people short at the top,
traps all the people chasing the long,
and then it pulls right back. So, if you
have deep pockets, it works for you all
the time. If you don't, trouble at the
door. Okay, so that's what we're seeing.
If we want to amplify this, look, uh
5200 call wall. Where's the put wall?
Holy smokes. 4,700 put wall. That's big.
That's far away, folks. It's really,
really far away. They're hedged for any
potential downside drift. Again,
this could be a geopolitical move, but
we are spending ourselves into oblivion.
I just saw I'll leave with this. I saw I
saw a note. I don't I haven't read the
details of it, so it might just be
clickbait. And I did not click, but the
cover said
Elon Musk says work in the future could
be optional, money irrelevant with AI
and robotics. I just want to know who's
going to pay for that AI and robotics if
they aren't working. All right, that's
it for me, folks. I will see you on the
streams. Uh I'm out of the office in the
um afternoon events, but we'll see each
other soon. And uh good luck trading.
It's messy. It's messy. Go light and
tight today. Take care. Bye-bye.